[docs] Introducing 'Security' section (#374)
hyperledger/iroha-2-docs: src/guide/security/storing-cryptographic-keys.md

Reviewer: I've not reviewed this file in full, because it was likely written in close collaboration with @6r1d.

For more information on `ssh-agent`, see [the related SSH Academy topic](https://www.ssh.com/academy/ssh/agent).

::: details Note

For a detailed overview of the `SSH` protocol and the `ssh-agent` tool, see the following [SSH Academy](https://www.ssh.com/academy) topics:

  - [What is SSH (Secure Shell)?](https://www.ssh.com/academy/ssh)

  - [ssh-agent: How to configure ssh-agent, agent forwarding, & agent protocol](https://www.ssh.com/academy/ssh/agent)

:::

### Adding a Password Manager Program

It is recommended to enhance the security of your `SSH` keys by protecting them with a password, which acts as an additional obstacle in the way of malicious parties aiming to obtain your sensitive information.

A variety of password managers can be used for the temporary storage of the user passwords and `SSH` keys. For the sake of clarity, [KeePass](https://keepass.info/) is used as an example password manager, specifically its [KeePassXC](https://keepassxc.org/) port running on Linux-based operating systems.

> For instructions on how to set up KeePassXC to ee [Configuring KeePassXC](#configuring-keepassxc) below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For instructions on how to set up KeePassXC see the [Configuring KeePassXC](#configuring-keepassxc) section below.
```
